samples: bluetooth: switch from hci_ipc to ipc_radio in sample tests (#22659)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth samples
-----------------

> * Updated the child image applications for the following samples from the :zephyr:code-sample:`bluetooth_hci_ipc` sample to the :ref:`ipc_radio` application for multicore builds:

Reviewer: child image doesn't exist, *network core image

Bluetooth samples
-----------------

> * :ref:`bluetooth_connection_time_synchronization` sample,
> * :ref:`bluetooth_iso_combined_bis_and_cis` sample,
> * :ref:`bluetooth_isochronous_time_synchronization` sample,
> * :ref:`bluetooth_scanning_while_connecting` sample:
> 
>   * Changed the child image application from the :ref:`bluetooth_hci_ipc` sample to the :ref:`ipc_radio` application for multicore builds.
>     The :ref:`ipc_radio` application is commonly used for multicore builds in other NCS samples and projects. Align with the common practice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated the child image applications for the following samples from the :ref:`bluetooth_hci_ipc` sample to the :ref:`ipc_radio` application for multicore builds:
  
  * :ref:`bluetooth_connection_time_synchronization`
  * :ref:`bluetooth_iso_combined_bis_and_cis`
  * :ref:`bluetooth_isochronous_time_synchronization`
  * :ref:`bluetooth_scanning_while_connecting`
  
  The :ref:`ipc_radio` application is commonly used for multicore builds in other |NCS| samples and projects. 
  Hence, this is to align with the common practice.
```

Bluetooth samples
-----------------

* Updated the child image applications for the following samples from the :zephyr:code-sample:`bluetooth_hci_ipc` sample to the :ref:`ipc_radio` application for multicore builds:

  * :ref:`bluetooth_conn_time_synchronization`
  * :ref:`bluetooth_iso_combined_bis_cis`
  * :ref:`bluetooth_isochronous_time_synchronization`
  * :ref:`bt_scanning_while_connecting`

>   The :zephyr:code-sample:`bluetooth_hci_ipc` application is commonly used for multicore builds in other |NCS| samples and projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The :ref:`ipc_radio` application is commonly used for multicore builds in other |NCS| samples and projects.
```
